Adding long press section to MenuTrigger docs (#2811)
adobe/react-spectrum: packages/@react-spectrum/menu/docs/MenuTrigger.mdx

The MenuTrigger accepts exactly two children: the element which triggers the opening of the Menu and the Menu itself. The trigger element must be the first child passed into the MenuTrigger and should support press events.

## Long press

> By default, a MenuTrigger's Menu is opened by pressing the trigger element or activating it via the <Keyboard>Space</Keyboard> and <Keyboard>Enter</Keyboard> keys. However, there may be cases in which your trigger element

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, a MenuTrigger's Menu is opened by pressing the trigger element or activating it via the <Keyboard>Space</Keyboard> or <Keyboard>Enter</Keyboard> keys. However, there may be cases in which your trigger element
```

> should perform a separate default action on press and should only display the Menu when long pressed. This behavior can be set by providing "longPress" to the `trigger` prop. When done, the Menu will only be opened upon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
should perform a separate default action, such as selection, on press and should only display the Menu when long pressed. This behavior can be set by providing "longPress" to the `trigger` prop. Now the Menu will only be opened upon
```

pressing and holding the trigger element or by using the <Keyboard>Option</Keyboard> (<Keyboard>Alt</Keyboard> on Windows) + <Keyboard>Down Arrow</Keyboard> keys while focusing the trigger element.

The example below illustrates how one would setup a MenuTrigger to have long press behavior.

> ```tsx example

Reviewer: Maybe a better example would be one that swaps out the tool for whatever is selected? Essentially a demo of exactly how photoshop uses this component?

import CloneStamp from '@spectrum-icons/workflow/CloneStamp';
import Crop from '@spectrum-icons/workflow/Crop';
import CropRotate from '@spectrum-icons/workflow/CropRotate';
import Slice from '@spectrum-icons/workflow/Slice';
import {Text} from '@react-spectrum/text';

<MenuTrigger trigger="longPress">
  <ActionButton
    aria-label="Crop tool"
    onPress={() => alert('Cropping!')}>
    <Crop />
  </ActionButton>
  <Menu>

>     <Item>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <Item textValue="Crop Rotate">
```

The MenuTrigger accepts exactly two children: the element which triggers the opening of the Menu and the Menu itself. The trigger element must be the first child passed into the MenuTrigger and should support press events.

> ## Long press

Reviewer 3: I think events should come before this section

By default, a MenuTrigger's Menu is opened by pressing the trigger element or activating it via the <Keyboard>Space</Keyboard> or <Keyboard>Enter</Keyboard> keys. However, there may be cases in which your trigger element

> should perform a separate default action, such as selection, on press and should only display the Menu when long pressed. This behavior can be set by providing "longPress" to the `trigger` prop. Now, the Menu will only be opened upon

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
should perform a separate default action on press such as selection, and should only display the Menu when long pressed. This behavior can be changed by providing `"longPress"` to the `trigger` prop. With this prop, the Menu will only be opened upon
```

pressing and holding the trigger element or by using the <Keyboard>Option</Keyboard> (<Keyboard>Alt</Keyboard> on Windows) + <Keyboard>Down Arrow</Keyboard> keys while focusing the trigger element.

The example below illustrates how one would setup a MenuTrigger to have long press behavior.

```tsx example
import CloneStamp from '@spectrum-icons/workflow/CloneStamp';
import Crop from '@spectrum-icons/workflow/Crop';
import CropRotate from '@spectrum-icons/workflow/CropRotate';
import Slice from '@spectrum-icons/workflow/Slice';
import {Text} from '@react-spectrum/text';

<MenuTrigger trigger="longPress">
  <ActionButton
    aria-label="Crop tool"
    onPress={() => alert('Cropping!')}>
    <Crop />
  </ActionButton>
  <Menu>
    <Item textValue="Crop Rotate">
      <CropRotate />
      <Text>Crop Rotate</Text>
    </Item>
    <Item textValue="Slice">
      <Slice />
      <Text>Slice</Text>
    </Item>
    <Item textValue="Clone stamp">
      <CloneStamp />
      <Text>Clone Stamp</Text>
    </Item>
  </Menu>
</MenuTrigger>
```

> ```

Reviewer 3: This makes the whole events section into a code block

Author: 🤦, mea culpa

import Slice from '@spectrum-icons/workflow/Slice';
import {Text} from '@react-spectrum/text';

> function Tools() {

Reviewer: now that i see it in action, technically we should apply selection like we do to action groups to the action button trigger when clicked and unset it when clicked again, it's a toggle
I don't think we support that on ActionButton's though, so... maybe your original example would be less confusing

don't know what do you think?

Reviewer: In actiongroup it looks like we apply a classname for is-selected

Author: yeah, thats a good point, I'll revert it to the original example. Really this example is just to show the functionality of longPress so keeping it simple is more beneficial IMO

}
```

## Long press
By default, a MenuTrigger's Menu is opened by pressing the trigger element or activating it via the <Keyboard>Space</Keyboard> or <Keyboard>Enter</Keyboard> keys. However, there may be cases in which your trigger element
should perform a separate default action on press such as selection, and should only display the Menu when long pressed. This behavior can be changed by providing `"longPress"` to the `trigger` prop. With this prop, the Menu will only be opened upon

> pressing and holding the trigger element or by using the <Keyboard>Option</Keyboard> (<Keyboard>Alt</Keyboard> on Windows) + <Keyboard>Down Arrow</Keyboard> keys while focusing the trigger element.

Reviewer 4: I noticed that `option + up arrow` also triggers a long press, but the focus is on the last element in the menu.

Reviewer: yep, i think we agreed it was overkill to explain that when the docs already mention the focus strategy
